README.md, before:

# Cyanogen Update Tracker (app)
Cyanogen Update Tracker app for Android devices

This is the end-user application for Cyanogen Update Tracker.
It is available on Google Play and uses Google Services.

##How to develop?

###Prerequisites:
The app in general requires:
- Web server (apache, php, mysql) or VPS (apache, php, mysql and automatic update fetching using CRON)
- Domain name
- Cyanogen OS Version data (either from Cyanogen or added manually to the Web server)

This Android Studio project requires the following to be installed (from Android Studio or Android SDK Manager):
- Android Studio (latest version)
- Android 6.0 SDK, with Build-tools 21.1.2 and Tools 24.4.1 or higher
- Android support library and repository
- Google Repository
- Google Play Services

###Obtaining the code:
```
git clone https://github.com/arjanvlek/android-cyanogen-update-tracker-app.git
```
- In Android studio, browse to the android-cyanogen-update-tracker directory and open build.gradle (not the Build.gradle in the app directory!)


###Adding your API keys
This project uses Google Cloud messaging and Admob.
- You can configure these APIs at https://developers.google.com/android/.
- Please note that Admob is integrated in an old way, so you need to update it in `fragment_updateinformation.xml` and `fragment_deviceinformation.xml` to use the new Google-Services.json file format.

###Set up the app API Server
- Follow the guide from the [API server project] (https://github.com/arjanvlek/android-cyanogen-update-tracker-api).
- Add the base URL of the API to these files:

```
ServerConnector.java: lines 28 and 29
GCMRegistrationIntentService.java: lines 52 and 53
```

###Test it!
You can now run the app on an emulator or on your own phone, just by clicking the Run or Debug button in Android Studio.


###Notes:
This is not an official Cyanogen application.
Cyanogen and Cyanogen OS are registred trademarks of Cyanogen inc.
I'm not responsible for bricked devices / failed updates.

Commit message:

Updated README for open source version of the app.

README.md, after:

# Cyanogen Update Tracker (app)
Cyanogen Update Tracker app for Android devices

This is the end-user application for Cyanogen Update Tracker.
This open source version does not contain ads, and serves as a base for great ideas. If you have a really great feature and like to have it in the official version on Google Play, please [contact the main developer] (mailto:arjan.vlek.dev@gmail.com)

##How to develop?

###Prerequisites:
The app in general requires:
- Web server or VPS running the LAMP or the WAMP stack (Linux / Windows, Apache, MySQL, PHP)
- Domain name or static IP address
- [Cyanogen Update Tracker API] (https://github.com/arjanvlek/cyanogen-update-tracker-api)
- Cyanogen OS Version data (either from a third party API or added manually to the Web server)

This Android Studio project requires the following to be installed (from Android Studio or Android SDK Manager):
- Android Studio (latest version)
- Android 7.1 SDK, with Build-tools 25.0.1 and Tools 25.0.1 or higher
- Android support library and repository
- Google Repository
- Google Play Services

###Obtaining the code:
```
git clone https://github.com/arjanvlek/android-cyanogen-update-tracker-app.git
```
- In Android studio, browse to the android-cyanogen-update-tracker directory and open build.gradle (not the Build.gradle in the app directory!)


###Adding your API keys
This project uses Google Cloud messaging. If you'd like to enable push notifications, do the following:
- Create a new GCM project at https://developers.google.com/android/.
- Add the google-services.json file you get from Google to the /app directory.
- Add the Sender ID of GCM to /app/src/main/res/values-nl/google-services.xml (to prevent a release build error)

###Set up the app API Server
- Follow the guide from the [API server project] (https://github.com/arjanvlek/cyanogen-update-tracker-api).
- Add the base URL of the API to Build.gradle (this time in the /app folder). If you don't have a test version, add the same URL in the debug config

###Test it!
You can now run the app on an emulator or on your own phone, just by clicking the Run or Debug button in Android Studio.


###Notes:
This is not an official Cyanogen application.
Cyanogen and Cyanogen OS are registred trademarks of Cyanogen inc.
I'm not responsible for bricked devices / failed updates.
